Notes from meeting with Chris:
Footpath importer
    Sketch based interface, moving points
    Base it on ExampleRoads
    -> Generate a new prodecural road with footpaths
    footpaths can be very close/alomst overlapping. Problem
    Ask Todor how this would be used by urban planners
    TODO: Update Project specification, leave unsure areas empty



Möte med chris 17/10:
    Specify more detail in everything
    For MVP:
        Specify some scenarios (geographical areas), single intersection, single block, entire neighbourhood
            Generate stright street, curved street, single intersection, single street with footpath, etc...
    Push the document to google
    Specify that we are only looking at 2D, no road intersection if the nodes are not connected
    Add a Timeplan to the planning document
    Dates:
        MVP features
        Evaluations ready
        A full draft of the report
        Thesis presentation, 1 week after full draft
        Batches tend to happen early may-mid may, second in september
    
    Wait for a week with iteration on evalutation/questionaries
    Any quantifyable metrics for quality? Similary metrics?
        Similarity to surrounding area

    User questionarie for similarity between generated/existing parcels
        Keep it as a stretch goal for evaluation
    Focus on quantifiable metrics first, look at existing papers
        Mesh complexity
        Geometry

    Chris's previous student, look at evaluation
    Read through this:
    http://www.diva-portal.org/smash/record.jsf?pid=diva2%3A1375175&dswid=-7274

    Procedural Footpath Generation
    http://www.csc.kth.se/~chpeters/ESAL/studentprojects.html
    https://projectfharlanghn.wordpress.com

    A group of master's students who do project work for Chris, maybe ask him about this later
    
    Bachelor's thesis, maybe I can look at methods of evaluation
    http://kth.diva-portal.org/smash/get/diva2:1215852/FULLTEXT01.pdf

    Keep track of all the references we use for the literature review later

    Start writing on the background/Introduction sections

    Constraits, Delimitations, good to specify the projects more
        (no roundabouts?)

Mail, 22/01
Hi again!


Updated master's project specification here. Could you read it through and give me your immediate thoughts? I don't reckon we need to schedule a meeting for that.


The main additions are the evaluation metrics, constraints, scenarios and time plan.


As for the evaluation plan, I decided not to include any user studies yet. Just programmatic evaluations and quantifyable metrics. My main idea is to sample metrics about intersections only (number of connecting roads, the angles between them, distance to connecting intersections, curviness of roads, etc). If I can sample all that and create a distribution for a few different cities, I have the two following hypothesises:
  1. There should be selection of features that produce an observable difference in the distributions between cities that look vastly different.
  2. If I let my program generate a large number of city parcels from a dataset, the resulting feature distribution should look like to the source dataset, and unlike datasets of other cities.
These distributions could be created for primary, secondary roads and footpaths separately.


What do you think? Could this be a reasonable approach?


// Alexander
